Document Runtime Provisioner's upgradeShoot mutation (#40)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/provisioner/provisioning-api.md

>**NOTICE:** This operation is dangerous and could potentially damage your Runtime. Use it wisely and with reasonable configuration values. **There is no rollback functionality implemented**, so you would have to get your hands dirty to fix potential failures.
The object passed to the mutation contains these configurable `GardenerConfig` values:

| Field                                 |                                       Configurable                                       | Note         |
| ------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | ------------ |
| **kubernetesVersion**                   |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    | upgrade only |
| **purpose**                             |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    |              |
| **machineType**                         |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    |              |

> | **volumeSizeGB**                        |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    |              |

Reviewer: When provided too small volume size, the cluster will be irreversibly damaged

| **diskType**                            |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    |              |
| **autoScalerMin**                       |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    | min. 1       |
| **autoScalerMax**                       |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    |              |
| **maxSurge**                            |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    |              |
| **maxUnavailable**                      |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    |              |
| **enableKubernetesVersionAutoUpdate**   |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    |              |
| **enableMachineImageVersionAutoUpdate** |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    |              |

> | **providerSpecificConfig**              | Azure :heavy_check_mark: <br/> AWS :heavy_multiplication_x: <br/> GCP :heavy_check_mark: | `zones` only |

Reviewer 2: I just came out with the idea that we should also add fields that are present in ProvisionClusterInput mutation, but are not supported by us - I had it in original version but it disappeared on migration to this PR (so it's quite ease to recover, but some values may require update) - because this table could be just condensed to:

```txt
We support all provided fields but in case of `kubernetesVersion` only upgrade and in case of `providerSpecificConfig` only `zones` for GCP and Azure.
```

What do you think?

Author: As discussed, I think we could add it as a follow-up task. Thanks for the comment!

The mutation returns OperationID allowing to retrieve the operation status.

### Upgrade Shoot mutation

> ***upgradeShoot*** mutation upgrades Gardener Shoot cluster configuration, triggering shoot reconciliation.

Reviewer 3: Shoot or shoot?

Author: Good catch! Gardener capitalizes it, so I think it's `Shoot`.

>**NOTICE:** This operation is dangerous and could potentially damage your Runtime. Use it wisely and with reasonable configuration values. **There is no rollback functionality implemented**, so you would have to get your hands dirty to fix potential failures.
The object passed to the mutation contains these configurable `GardenerConfig` values:

| Field                                 |                                       Configurable                                       | Note         |
| ------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | ------------ |

> | `kubernetesVersion`                   |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    | upgrade only |

Reviewer 3: Don't we use **bold** formatting for fields?

| `diskType`                            |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    |              |
| `autoScalerMin`                       |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    | min. 1       |
| `autoScalerMax`                       |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    |              |
| `maxSurge`                            |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    |              |
| `maxUnavailable`                      |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    |              |
| `enableKubernetesVersionAutoUpdate`   |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    |              |
| `enableMachineImageVersionAutoUpdate` |                                    :heavy_check_mark:                                    |              |
| `providerSpecificConfig`              | Azure :heavy_check_mark: <br/> AWS :heavy_multiplication_x: <br/> GCP :heavy_check_mark: | `zones` only |

> The mutation returns OperationID allowing to retrieve the operation status.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The mutation returns OperationID which allows you to retrieve the operation status.
```
